THE RULES
Determine who will go first. During a player's turn, they have 
two choices: push or bank. 

PUSH 
If a player chooses to push, they begin drawing cards from the 
top of the draw pile. Cards are drawn one at a time and placed 
in a column. Only three columns can be formed, and players do 
not have to make three. They can make one or two. 
As cards are drawn, they cannot be placed in a column that 
already has a card with the same number or the same color. A 
player can add as many cards to a single column as they want 
without breaking that rule. 
Players should keep in mind that while they are drawing cards 
and creating columns, they are trying not to push too far. 
Also, the player taking their turn might collect one of the 
columns for potential points. The other columns will be 
collected by opponents. At any time, a player can choose to 
stop drawing cards. After stopping, it is time for players to 
collect the columns and add cards to their bench. 

BENCHING CARDS 
When a player stops, that player chooses one column to collect 
and add to their bench. Benched cards are arranged by color 
face up in front of the player who collected them. Make sure 
benched cards are staggered so the number can be seen. 

Benched cards can potentially earn points for the player at 
the end of the game, but they are not safe. 
After the player taking their turn has benched a column of 
cards, any remaining columns are collected by opponents. 
Starting with the player left of the one taking their turn, 
that player chooses one of the remaining columns. Continuing 
left, the next player takes the third column if there is one. 
These cards are also benched by the player who collected them. 
Any columns remaining after play returns to the original player 
are discarded. 
The game begins with the benching process happening in clockwise 
order. Throughout the game, switch cards might be drawn. When a 
switch card is drawn, it is placed on its own pile near the draw 
pile. Benching occurs according to the direction on the top most 
switch card when the player has stopped drawing. 

PUSH TOO FAR 
If a player draws a card that cannot be used in one of the column 
spaces, the player has pushed too far. That card is placed in the 
discard pile. Now, the player must roll the die and discard all 
cards of the color rolled from their bench. Banked cards are safe 
and do not get discarded. When a player pushes too far, they do 
not get to bench any cards. 
The other players still collect columns as normal. Any columns 
that are remaining when it gets back to the player who pushed too 
far are discarded. 

ROLL CARDS 
When a player draws a roll card during their turn, it can be placed 
in any column that does not have one already. If a roll card is 
drawn, and it cannot be placed in a column, that player has pushed 
too far. The roll card is discarded, and the player must roll the 
die. During the benching phase, if a player collects a column that 
has a roll card in it, they roll the die. Any cards that match the 
color rolled are discarded (even cards that were just collected). 
If a star is rolled, the player is safe and does not have to 
discard any cards. The roll card is then discarded as well. 

BANKING CARDS 
On a player's turn, they can choose to bank cards rather than draw 
and build columns. If a player chooses to bank, they pick one color 
and remove all cards of that color from their bench. Colors can be 
chosen multiple times during the game. Those cards are placed face 
down in a pile called the bank. These cards are safe and cannot be 
removed. The player will earn points for these cards at the end of 
the game. 

Play continues in a clockwise direction until all of the draw pile 
cards are gone, and the final columns are collected or discarded. 
At this point, it's time to tally up the score. 

SCORING
Players earn points for all of the cards in their bench and their 
bank.

WINNING
The player with the most points wins the game.

MORE DIFFICULTY
For a greater challenge, discard all cards from the bench when a 
star is rolled.